yeah and when you open it you don't have
to worry about the Chad gbts or the bars
or anything like that
no you're opening the media you're
owning the attention
Neil you'd work with some of the biggest
brands across the globe what are you
telling brands that are heavily reliant
on search right now because there's like
a lot of I think fear among companies
who SEO may be a moat and they're
looking at a lot of the people who are
saying wow like this is really
disruptive to search like me and others
and saying like wow like do we even have
a moat in this post AI world like does
search become much less powerful are you
having those conversations and kind of
what are you telling those people yes
it's a little bit different so we're
five years old we're small compared to
you guys we're around 750 employees I
don't know how I know HubSpot has a ton
of employees we're bootstrapped we go
really quickly to nine figures it wasn't
that hard because I also had a really
big brand and again most our customers
are larger corporations and when I'm
saying larger corporations I'm talking
about like Adobe and Cisco and just like
really large Brands and we do work with
you know if you look at zapier and helps
out you guys are actually large
companies multi-billion dollar companies
but I'm talking about like really large
corporations where they're like you have
a hundred thousand employees and we
don't even know what most employees do
right that's the reality like if you're
a manager at a really big company
there's no way you know what a hundred
thousand people are doing and not to
talk crap it's just the reality when you
look at most big companies we don't have
one client that says SEO is a mo or
searches emote when it comes to paid ads
all big companies if you look at them if
you even look at like a HubSpot or zap
gear your Revenue once you get to a
certain size it's not coming from one
channel it's coming from a mixture of
all channels and a lot of it when we
look at one similarity across all the
companies we work with a lot of the
revenue comes from their brand no joke
it doesn't matter if it's a boring B2B
company majority is coming from the
brand and we work with a lot of cool
companies and most people haven't heard
of them like one that we work with is
called fortif right there were spin-off
from danaher it's publicly traded
they're really large no one most people
have not heard of them but most people
have used their products in their life
you just don't know what they are like
if you went to a gas station you've used
one of their products right like almost
everyone has and it's just their
Necessities in this world but if you
think about a lot of the revenue that
these big companies generate it's their
brand and outside of their brand right
it's a massive long tail of oh it's some
search SEO some paid ads some social
media Instagram and Tick Tock and email
marketing and word of mouth and
partnership programs like it's a combo
of all I haven't really seen any one
large company I'm talking about
multi-billion dollar company where
they're like we make all our money from
like Facebook ads or just Google ads or
SEO so most aren't really worried about
a mo or search it's on the channel what
we've seen with the big Brands is the
moment you take an omni Channel approach
and you Embrace everything we notice
that the CPAs for all your channels go
down by more than 10 yeah I think that's
pretty true like when you get to a
certain scale you don't have one golden
Channel you have multiple channels that
actually equate your certain part of
your Revenue I guess because we're on
tactics and you are you know renowned
for coming up with tactics across the
web and different things if you had to
set a set a marketer then today and just
say like you know you you're a best
practice marketer like you actually see
the world in terms of like all this best
practice advice and let me like correct
you in a couple of things here's some
controversial things you probably have
never thought about that work really
well what are some of those like some of
the more controversial things that if
you were in a you know a marketing
conference and you said it you would get
some certain certain reactions from
marketers so one I think software is a
race to the bottom a great way to Market
is just give away tools for free
hubspot's been a big advocate of this
for years if you look at darmesh and
what he did with is it the website
grader is that what it's called greater
website website grader yeah the website
grader is not a freemium tool it's a
free tool and a portion if you get a lot
of users I get all of them won't be
HubSpot users but a small fraction of
them can be HubSpot users emails
signature don't pay for email signature
it's free very very small fraction of
them even though it's not the majority
can end up using your product if you
look at zapier for most companies they
don't need to pay for zapier you can do
a lot of it for free especially if
you're a small business when you get big
enough you don't care like you're
already using it you'll pay because you
have a lot of hooks and you're making
you're making enough money where it's
really worth it for you then you don't
have to hire full-time developers right
so that's one controversial thing it's
funny I've talked to a lot of VCS I was
talking to Sequoia capital I don't know
when this was like a year and a half ago
and I was telling them you know what's
funny is like if you look at MailChimp
as a market like an email segment we're
doing back to the napkin math on how
much how many emails MailChimp sends out
they got bought out for I think 11
billion dollars or somewhere around
there and I can get the same amount of
email sent out as them using third
parties for around five million dollars
a year it was something like that it
actually wasn't that expensive to send
out the emails the big cost is to
acquire the customer
the emailing system to send out evils
yeah you gotta deal with Spam and other
things but like the big cost is actually
generating the customer and I'm like huh
it would be cheaper to sell software for
free or give it away for free and figure
out a better way to make money and and
I'll give you a great example of this I
think that'll resonate with everyone if
you look at paychecks paychecks I think
is a 40-ish 50-ish billion dollar
company I'm guessing on the market cap
but it's somewhere there I can actually
Google the stock right now so paychecks
stock and paychecks is a payroll
solution so paychecks has a market cap
of 39.43 billion dollars of this
recording all right are you you guys are
all familiar with United Healthcare I'm
assuming United Healthcare their stock
is one of the biggest insurance
companies this is health insurance is
485 billion dollars they're 10 times
bigger it doesn't cost that much to send
out payroll and just send people money
there's ways to make this super super
efficient and really affordable the cost
per click for a lot of these payroll
software words is like 60 80 sometimes
even over a hundred dollars a click
that's not for a customer that's for a
click give away the software for free
make your money to all the people that
are using your software eventually they
get big enough and say hey do you want
health insurance we offer it plug and
play and make your commission there and
you did something like that for your
agency right you bought it you bought
ubersuggest
synopsis of how that went yeah so we
bought Uber says for 120 I probably put
in maybe 3 million into the software to
get it to a place where it can generate
enough leads we did the same with the
tool called answer the public we bought
it for 8.6 we overpaid for it at the
time I was doing maybe a hundred grand
in ebitda we looked at that Kieran I
thought about buying that a couple of
different times yeah
yeah I didn't know you bought that 8.6
is definitely more than I would have
spent dude it was expensive so it was
expensive and you know they're like all
these other companies are like man we
couldn't get them down low enough into
uh price point and we were trying to buy
them for I think it was
six million dollars somewhere around
there maybe six and they because it
wasn't fully burdened when they're like
yeah we're doing 100 Grand a month I'm
like you have no employees and no
expense other than servers this is not a
true 100 Grand a month even a business
so they're just like we want 8.6 like
how about you give a six up front and
then you give us the remainder over a
year and a half or two years it was
something like that on payment plan so
we're like all right we still don't want
to pay it but we ended up changing some
things with the business the traffic
grew 30 40 really fast and we changed
some things in the business we got the
eve it out to 200 Grand a month really
fast fully burdened with employees and
all that kind of stuff so 2.4 we'll get
it to 3 million a month I mean three
million a year really quickly in ebitda
but we didn't care about any of that so
when we were doing diligence on the
business we were looking at how many
Enterprise companies were using these
tools and you had a lot of big Brands a
lot of Fortune 1000 when we were looking
at Fortune 1000 companies it was
something like close to 70 percent of
Fortune 1000 Brands were using answer
the public all right so the way we make
money forget the tool even if it didn't
make a hundred grand and even we
wouldn't care we started calling up
those customers and we're pitching them
on services that are costing um not one
million in the
multi-multi-millions of dollars a year
and closing deals so when you look at it
from that aspect it has a big user base
we don't care about the revenue from SEO
software PR software we're like land and
expand some of the deals will only sign
up with us for like three four five
hundred grand a year but this will be
Fortune 1000 companies that have 30 40
divisions and a few hundred thousand
employees and it's like land and expand
oh your insurance company we got one
division then we got three divisions
because we did good work and then we're
at seven divisions and next thing you
know that customer is paying five and a
half million dollars a year because we
got them from using answer the public
and really bought that company for 8.6
and if you look at a customer for us
that's Enterprise they should last at
least five years right numbers are a
little bit skewed because we're still
young we're only five years old and a
bad economy makes churn go up in
marketing for pretty much any segment
but in theory our CEO comes from densu
which is one of the big Ad Agency
holding companies he's like your
Enterprise client should last at least
seven years so if you've got someone
from one of these software Solutions
paying you five million dollars in the
last seven years the ebitda that we're
making from that one deal more than paid
for the whole acquisition yeah it's
pretty cool and you made answer to
public profitable right like this is the
magic trick you took the risks to outlay
the capital right to answer the public
as a lead Source but you knew you could
still basically make it break even or
profitable as just a standalone thing
and most companies won't do either one
of those most companies won't say hey
I'm not going to take the risk I'm gonna
go and rent some attention from Google
Google and Facebook I'm not actually
going to go and actually buy or build
any real assets and that's what you did
if you're watching the show like that's
what matters in today's world you gotta
own if you don't own there's
you there's little like no leverage that
exists there yeah and when you own
you don't have to worry about the chat
gbts or the bars or anything like that
no you're owning the meeting that you're
owning the attention you know can I just
go back to just like make sure I get the
numbers right Uber suggest you paid 120k
and put in 3 million on that tool the
data was really expensive and the server
costs were really expensive then we
started monetizing a little bit from a
software standpoint our goal was never
to generate a ton of money from software
but we try to keep enough of it free
where we keep getting more and more
leads year after year and then what we
do is we monetize enough of the software
for it to be profitable similar to
answer the public but those two tools
Uber says the loan accounts for more
than 40 percent of our Revenue so if we
look at our wow clients that are Ad
Agency more the 40 of them are ubersus
users answer the public uh when we were
looking at acquiring it was roughly 60
percent of the traffic we've grown it
we've also grown Uber says traffic and
the public right now gets around 80
percent of the traffic that Uber says
gets and answer the public when we look
at it from a revenue standpoint it
doesn't even make up five percent of our
Revenue but it's going in the right
direction so we think over time it'll
have a massive impact and when we look
at if we were in all the countries we
needed to be we think there's a really
quick road map to getting to half a
billion a year in Revenue just from all
the leads that we're generating we just
need to add the head count and the
region expansion I think it'll be a
struggle it'll take a while for us to
get to a billion without M A and
bolt-ons but it's a bootstrap business
right no investors no board it's a great
lifestyle yeah not a bad life when you
can when you can build a big business
without the investors in the board to
yell at you so okay so those two tools
are essentially like half the revenue
for this this agency right like half the
that half the revenue were attributed
those two tools we just talked about
where's the where's the rest come from
word of mouth and good work okay client
upgrades and word of mouth and referrals
so 40 plus percent of our customers are
Uber says users right forget that Uber
says software Revenue that's not really
the revenue the answer the public
Revenue the software portion not really
much revenue for us the real Revenue
comes from the services right because
when we were looking to raise money
that's why the calls with the Sequoia
and stuff like that we're struggling to
get bang debt for AR because when you're
dealing with some of these big customers
they're just like yeah we want you to
flow a 142 million dollars in ad spend
and even when you're making millions a
month in profit you can't float 100
million dollars
and they want that on like 60 90 day net
terms yeah less I want 120. so then we
started going we started calling up the
Sequoias and the stuff because we're
like a new version of pilot accounting
they invested in Pilot and then we had a
call with Bezos Expedition Melinda from
there she's like you know you can just
go to at your your size you don't need
Venture Capital anymore you're highly
profitable you can just go to the banks
and just go get them to float your AR so
then we switch to talking to VCS and be
like hey let's just talk to the banks
and the bank's like as long as there's a
marquee account like a Microsoft or one
of the others like we'll float your AR
on ad spend all day long because the
risk of a Microsoft not paying this
isn't like a cool cool startup that just
went public you're talking about real
Evita on a quarterly basis where you
don't have to worry in a recession or
not if they're not going to be able to
pay their bills and their valuation
isn't based on stock price it's based on
real ebitda and the banks would fund it
so at that point we're like oh we don't
need to raise any Venture Capital but
going back to the statement I was trying
to make or the point I was trying to
make it used to be 40 plus percent came
from the software the service portion
and I remember in our pitch decks we
should we actually use HubSpot example
if you look at the marketing industry we
thought it was backwards we're like
HubSpot has majority of the market cap
if you look at your market cap at the
time I was doing my presentations it was
like 15 16 billion and we're like if you
look at a market cap of Omnicom it was
the same market cap but Omnicom was
doing an ebitda what HubSpot had as
revenue and the reason the market caps
were the same is omnicom's an
inefficient business and what we were
saying to investors was we can build
majority of the money spent in marketing
was on services not software giveaway
software for free or close to free
charge for services and then go and use
Ai and tools to automate as much of the
services as possible you won't be able
to automate everything and then go have
these Services businesses be super
efficient and we started producing good
results
and the good results ended up making it
where if we look at around 71 72 the
last few months of our business it's
actually coming from Word of Mouth it's
not even coming from SEO or software and
we believe if you fast forward call it
three to five years almost all our
Revenue will come from word of mouth and
none of the tools or anything like that
especially because of the kind of
companies you sell into like larger
companies it is such like Word of Mouth
within that you know you get to a
certain company size and they all just
kind of recommend each other I think
that is a really incredible Insight
which is
I've always thought of like buying
software to help other software grow
like that's typically even when we
looked at that it was like okay well how
does that how about core platform grow
whereas what you're doing is you're like
buying incredible tools but then rapid
services like the services thing is the
actual thing you're going to monetize on
and I hadn't thought about that before
which is like freemium for services yeah
but let me rephrase this I would have
done what a zapier or HubSpot did I'm
too late to the game your business
models are amazing I wish I could have
done it look at the market caps the
public markets will value them very high
for a very long time I don't think
zapier is public but the private markets
will value high for a very long time I'm
late to that game so I look at
entrepreneurship as disruption it's too
hard to say I'm gonna go and create a
Freer version of HubSpot it's already
free enough I'm gonna go critical for
your version of zapier it's freeing up
it's too late but there's these
dinosaurs like wpp and Omnicom and
they're not doing like a billion two
billion in Revenue like oh we do 15 18
like billion and revenue like these are
massive markets not from a market cap
perspective I'm talking about from a
dollar perspective like just pure
business economics massive Revenue
massive ebitda that needs disruption and
we're like huh majority of marketing
dollars other than advertising is not
actually spent on software it's spent on
Services it was what our realization was
and it was too hard to disrupt uh
software players we're like let's
disrupt these old school service
providers and what we ended up learning
as we kept growing the reason we grow
through word of mouth is because it's
really edge cases oh we're like
Mitsubishi we're in Peru we need a
global Ad Agency that we can deal with
in the US or Canada that speaks English
that has people down there that's big
enough where we don't have to worry
about the laws and business ethics and
practices and they can just handle this
one thing for us in those regions and
we're gone to a point where that's where
a lot of our Revenue comes from and then
they do in one market and they start
doing it in more and they're like oh Mr
BC also owns this other brand and this
brand and this Division and then it's
land and expand I love the classic
Enterprise Lane all right we're running
out of time I got one last question
Karen unless you have anything else you
do you want me no go for it you go for
it what we gotta we gotta give the
people one what is the most underrated
part of marketing right now what's
what's the thing that like you feel like
too many people are ignoring and they
should be be going harder creatives so
I'm actually going to give you two
things and they both kind of line okay
first one is creatives I know chat GPT
or open AI has tools that can now spin
up images and there's a few other ones
that are working on spinning images and
all that kind of stuff but the one of
the biggest leverage points in marketing
is creative and I'm talking about
creative from like your ad image to the
landing page how creative you're getting
like The Squatty Putty videos which you
guys have all seen or the harman
Brothers like that kind of stuff is
really hard for AI to produce because
it's like what kind of crazy stuff can
you just end up coming out that will
just cause conversions to go up which
brings me to my second point a b testing
those are the two things that most
people ignore and don't really focus on
but they provide massive leverage
because if you look at ad costs they're
continually Rising I understand right
now in a bad economy sure it's getting
cheaper but if you look historically it
keeps going up quarter over quarter so
the real winner is how can you optimize
for conversions and whether that's copy
landing pages but a lot has to do with
creativity not just in your ad creatives
but your copy and your scripts and how
you're going to produce more things like
Harman brothers or get creative like in
the B2B world like what we did in
marketing hey don't charge for tools buy
tools give them away for free the
hubspots of the world and the zap years
can't do this because at your guys's
size you can't go to the publicly traded
Market saying hey we're going to make
HubSpot fully for free be a service
company and start a business over again
right no no it's how do you do things in
a different way to make your marketing
Economics work I love Creative not just
for visuals but even just for the way
you described it which is how can you do
something much more differentiated in
how you grow your company like not like
you were disrupting an archaic model by
doing things that were much more in a
typical like software go to market like
have freemium like wrap up Market a
product around that land and expand and
brought that to like an archaic market
so that's creativity and how you build
your business and so I think there's
like the creative part of just like the
visuals and the Aesthetics and how you
stand out in the internet then there's
like the creativity you bring to how you
think about problem solving and people
don't think about that like everyone
just falls into the lazy this is the way
it's been solved in the past so this is
the way I'll solve it and that is just
Surefire way to do average work first of
all could agree with either one of you
anymore also remember in the world of AI
I love ai ai models give you more of
what they know about what has already
existed in the world and true creative
that brings something brand new into the
world that's never said before is really
how you stand out and how you're
differentiated so I'm totally in with
you on the creative side of things Neil
has been awesome I think we covered a
bunch of ground it was it was really fun
having you here and until next time
everyone this has been marketing against
the grain